Everyone's talking about LinkedIn in
2025, but almost no one's doing it
right. I'm going to reveal the exact
system that I would use to go from zero
to highpaying leads on LinkedIn if I had
to start completely from scratch. So, if
you're a founder, consultant, or coach,
and you're trying to grow a profitable
personal brand, this is how you actually
do it. Everyone thinks LinkedIn is
saturated, but it's actually starving
for content. Despite that, LinkedIn is
generating over 9 billion weekly
impressions, only 1% of its users post
content weekly, leaving a massive
untapped opportunity. Unlike Instagram
or Tik Tok, LinkedIn's feed isn't
oversaturated, so good content travels
further, faster, and last longer. Anyone
posting consistently can quickly become
a top voice in their niche and attract
clients without paid ads. Do this to
connect with all the topped LinkedIn
accounts in your space. Have you heard
of the dream 100 concept? It's from
Russell Brunson. If you want to connect
with your ideal hundred people on
LinkedIn, the chances are they're
probably going to ignore you. But if you
connect with all the people they're
connected with, they're more likely to
see your content and then they're more
likely to connect with you. That's how
you get yourself to connect with your
dream 100. You don't focus on connecting
with them. You connect with people in
their network and eventually it'll lead
to connecting with them directly. But
the key with doing this is to target
people within your space. You don't want
to just connect with any random people.
The reason you want to target people
within your space is the way the
algorithms work is they show people
content that are friends with you. But
if people are friends with you and
they're interested in fashion while
you're interested in marketing and you
talk about marketing, it's not going to
do really well because when people see
your content, you're going to have a
really low engagement rate and it really
hurts you from an algorithm standpoint.
So focus on strategic connections. You
want to build more organic impressions
and pull into other people's social
feeds that value your kind of content.
You don't want to have to do cold
messaging. This is the key to selecting
the right friends. So, look at your
dream 100, look at their connections,
and make sure they're interested in
similar types of content that you are.
These are the people you want to start
connecting. The LinkedIn algorithm
rewards people that do this. When you
leave detailed comments, replying to
others, it shows that you have
thoughtful insights and it helps build
up your authority and it brings
recognition on that platform. And this
is why you got to do this on LinkedIn.
It's really important to do this before
you even post your own content on your
own profile. You want to consistently
engage on other people's content. And
that content should be some of the
people that you've friended and it
should be content related to what you
want to be talking about. Going viral on
LinkedIn isn't about luck. If you use
this content strategy by using tools
like Answer the Public, you can discover
what's up and coming across platforms
like YouTube, Tik Tok, and Instagram and
then adapt that content for LinkedIn.
LinkedIn has limited trend data. So
looking at other networks gives you
better creative direction and helps you
ride emerging waves early. People are
more likely to create upand cominging
content on the other platforms that I
just mentioned over LinkedIn cuz most
LinkedIn users don't post content. So I
look for data from other platforms and
use that to figure out what I should be
posting on LinkedIn. This helps me post
what's up and coming versus regurgitated
information that no one really cares
about. And best of all, this helps
ensure that your content is fresh and
timely, which makes it easier to go
viral. This is the most important part
of your LinkedIn post if you want the
algorithm to blow you up. Have you ever
seen the see more link on someone's
LinkedIn post? See, what triggers it is
short one or two line sentences. When
you're posting and you have an intro
that's one or two lines and is short and
to the point, it'll add a Seymour link
naturally. Especially if your post on
LinkedIn is detailed and long. And every
time someone clicks that, it's a signal
to their algorithm that, hey, this post
is getting engagement. It's peing
people's curiosity, so we should show it
to more people. And the key is to have a
short punchy hook. If you don't have a
short punchy hook, it's not going to
give people a reason to click that see
more link. And this is why when you're
writing, it needs to be structured. You
need to use powerful hooks and you need
to have clear, concise thoughts, but you
also want to evoke curiosity because the
moment you have your hook, why should
people click more? Well, if you're
evoking their curiosity and it makes
them wanting more, they're much more
likely to click to see more to learn
more. And that will push the algorithm
to show your content to a lot of people.
But you also need the end of your post
like this if you want to go viral. Most
people overlook this, but this part of
LinkedIn's post is super important if
you want the algorithm to blow you up.
By asking people a thoughtful question
at the end of your post, not one that's
just going to regenerate yeses or nos,
but literally cause people to leave a
meaningful comment. This leads to more
people commenting. The more people that
comment, the more fuel you're giving to
LinkedIn. Then what you want to do is
respond to each and every single one of
those comments, which then causes people
to come back and that gives more fuel
for the algorithm to show your content
to everyone. The LinkedIn algorithm
doesn't care how often you post. It
cares about this. Check out this graph
that breaks down the exact time you
should be posting on LinkedIn. This is
based on your audience's time zone, not
yours. If you follow this, you're more
likely to go viral on LinkedIn and get
more views. You want to align your
content's timing with your ideal
customer profile's ideal time. When are
they on LinkedIn? When are they
engaging? And this chart breaks that
down. By posting consistently at peak
times, you'll maximize exposure, build
audience trust, and turn visibility into
qualified leads. Now, if you really want
to explode your LinkedIn growth, I
recommend that you build a personal
brand. And you should check out this
video I created that teaches you how to
build a personal